Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Come down from that car now!
Come down!
Move!
Move. are you not listening?
Where is the cloth?
Come...
Are you Chibuzor's boys?
Mister. shut up there.
Van Damme.
where did you say you put the cloth?
Only Ekene can use
children for a job like this.
So. Ekene still operates from prison?
Lion.
- How do you...
- Who are you?
Eric.
How do we know you are really Eric?
Listen...
Do you know who I am to Ekene?
Look at these little things!
Oh! You wanted to kidnap me for Ekene?
Come on. call him now.
Idiot.
Your phone is ringing.
Hello.
Boss. there is a situation.
What is happening?
The man we carried.
he said he knows you.
He said he's Eric.
Give him the phone.
Ah! Eric!
What are you doing in the East?
My brother.
I was just leaving Uyo
when these little rats shot my tire.
They just spoilt my car.
Where did you even
see these children?
Please don't be angry.
they don't understand the work yet.
How is it over there?
We are managing.
Don't worry. I will send madam something.
Eric! I trust you.
Strong man!
Get this thing away from me.
Hello sir.
You stupid boy.
don't you know who you carried?
Sorry sir.
You better take him back
where you picked him up from.
Nonsense.
Turn around.
Bring my phone.
Hello.
Lawrence.
My name is
Barrister Lawrence Ihemelo. Esq.
My client came to this country
to do business.
but within one month
he was kidnapped.
We paid a ransom last night.
and he was already on the first flight
out of this country. today!
It is you people that paid them.
Did you tell the police?
Tell the police?
So that they will kill him. right?
Okay.
These are the documents of the car.
and we are expecting immediate release.
It's okay.
You will pay twenty five thousand Naira.
to clear this car.
What?
Yes! For the towing and other
miscellaneous services.
What did you say?
ACP Abubakar. please.
Thanks.
What is it?
Sir.
Oh. it’s you. Come in.
So you are the one?
Sir?
The one everybody is talking about.
Sir.
You are my biggest inspiration
on the force sir. I just want to learn.
I want to learn from the best. sir.
Hello.
Yes. sir.
I was thinking. this is not the kind of
case we should be handling.
No. sir. I am not questioning...
Okay. sir.
Immediately. sir.
Is my driver outside?
Yes. sir.
- Mr. Whizkid. are you still standing?
- No. sir.
I am sorry you had to go through all this.
I read the statement you gave the officer
in charge and I have a few questions.
Okay.
Surely this is a case for SARS.
Why will the head of
the Intelligence Response Team
be asked to attend to this?
Welcome to Abuja.
Where a politician's girlfriend
can have even the Inspector General
on her house robbery case.
I thought the IRT is supposed
to be the FBI of Nigeria?
Sorry. sir.
So. this is why you are so gingered?
FBI agent.
Look. I just want to attend to cases
that actually make a difference.
Don't worry.
When you see a case.
you will know that you have seen one.
Welcome. boss.
Good morning.
Is that your brother?
Yes. he just came yesterday
and I have started training him.
Is he smoking weed?
He only smokes it outside.
Please don't be angry.
he won't do it again.
Welcome.
Morning. sir.
Oh no...
You are getting lean!
Don't you eat food again?
Kids these days.
Don't worry.
your mother has finished paying my money.
What?
Yes. you are going home today.
Oh my God.
Alright. come and take the mummy's boy.
Park here.
Take.
What?
Come down. do you want to go back with us?
No.
- Dad!
- My daughter!
- You are not sleeping.
- Good evening.
Alright. let's go.
- Good evening. daddy.
- Daddy welcome.
- How are you?
- Fine.
Good girl.
David. pray for us.
In the name of the Father. and of
the Son. and of the Holy Spirit.
Father Lord...
Hello.
Yes. Shotubo. Shotubo Bakare.
Mr. Bakare. long time.
DCP Bukar.
I need to see you urgently please.
I'm on the way to Abuja.
I'm catching a flight now.
Okay.
He was finally released last night.
in the middle of nowhere
on the way to Epe.
The boy is a shadow of himself now.
Why didn’t you come to me earlier?
It was the mother!
My sister in-law.
she was scared to involve the police.
Well. I have been on this case
for years now.
The last time we got close to him.
we got one of his boys who took us
to the body of a hostage.
The poor victim had been buried for weeks.
yet he continued collecting ransom.
Can you imagine?
And no one has come forward to report.
See Bukar. you can’t imagine the threats.
The guy knows a lot about my family.
He even claims he has informants
within the police.
DCP. with all due respect.
you know how corrupt the police is.
That was why
I flew in to see you myself. okay?
See. this is the number
he gave to the family to contact him on.
I am sure he will have thrown
it away by now.
but I just thought this might be helpful.
Do not worry. we have our ways.
Bukar.
See...
My family has gone through so much.
We have lost so much already
because of this mad man.
You have to catch him. whatever it takes.
Thirty.
Wow!
Foreign money.
Thank you.
Why are you thanking me? It is your money.
When you appreciate someone
for what he has done. he will do more.
Chairman! High five. you are great.
That's right.
But...
If not for you in this town.
my brother. I would have died.
Forget about it.
The guy has come.
Good afternoon. sir.
- Ebuka.
- Yes. sir.
- Sit down.
- Thank you. sir.
So. I need you to transfer the money
tomorrow for the containers.
or else we lose the shipment.
That is no problem. it’s a normal thing.
5.000 Dollars.
Okay. I will pay it in installments.
5.000 Dollars into your corporate account
and the other account each time...
In five days.
so that will make everything.
plus the one in the other account...
Eighty five thousand Dollars.
Okay.
Your own.
Chairman. this is too much.
Alex said you have something to tell us.
Talk.
There is a woman that comes
to our branch very well.
I'm not her account officer.
Jude is her account...
Anyway. the woman's father just died
and she is the man's only child...
and she already works for the company.
so now that the man is dead
she has taken over the whole business.
They are the owners
of God's Protection Transit.
You don't know them?
They are the biggest transport company
in Nigeria.
They make a lot of money.
The money might not be legit.
My brother. Francis.
wants to learn this work.
It's only 15.000 Naira
per month for an apprenticeship.
Okay. take. 10.000.
And it seems like she knows a guy
that works in the government.
because it did not take long after
she took over. they gave her a contract
for two hundred and forty cars.
She was at our branch two weeks
ago to collect the LC.
And she has a child.
A little boy that goes to the office
with her sometimes.
This is her house address.
Chairman. I am telling you.
these people are loaded.
You will need a truck
to carry the kind of money they have.
But. please don't forget my cut.
You know. as your boy.
What is that?
You are looking for a case. right?
A case has found you.
Nice one! So...
- Morning. sir.
- Good morning.
Wale. what do you have for me?
Sir. the device
has had 13 sim cards in it
in the last four years since
it has been active.
Each sim card has been
used to dial only one number.
with the exception of one of the sim
cards which was used to dial two numbers
but we will get to that soon.
- So who did he call?
- That’s where it gets interesting sir.
With the data we have been able to
collect from the Telcos and banks.
what they have in common
is they are all of significant means.
HNIs. we are talking billions.
Really?
They all live in affluent parts of Lagos
and they all own big businesses.
Evidently these are his victims.
Yes sir. but there is one exception.
the sim card used to dial two numbers.
The second number he dialed was
to a hotel in South Africa.
Interesting.
We are waiting to hear back
from the hotel.
- Forward me all the details you have.
- Right away sir.
Hi. I’m Charles.
I am also working on the case
so I will need those docu -
- Do you want something?
- Yes.
- I will bring you something.
- Thank you.
Two again.
Leave her alone.
Is it not who can pay
for it that will take it?
It is my turn.
Leave her. immediately!
Leave me alone.
Turn off your headlights.
Are you mad?
Who is that?
Eric!
Eric please!
Eric! Please stop! Leave him alone.
My love.
Thank you.
You see this thing that you have done...
Nonso can never do it.
I have told you.
do not talk about him like that.
But am I lying?
My dear. I did it because of you.
Yes. but a husband that cannot take care
of his wife. is that one a husband?
You are the father of my children.
The only man that continues
to fight for me.
My love.
Boko haram caught
the attention of the world
with the kidnapping
of 270 school girls in 2014.
But perhaps. they earned the lowest ransom
per single hostage in Nigeria.
Next slide. please.
At least 100 million dollars
in kidnap ransom has been paid
in the country in the last ten years.
With the following states
having the highest incidences.
Next.
These are some of the victims
of the most ruthless and perhaps the
most organized kidnapper
in the country in the last four
years alone.
His minimum ransom per hostage.
one million dollars.
The level of organization. the planning
of the kidnappings. the money laundry.
This is no petty criminal;
this is an intelligent and
sophisticated mind.
Sir. you know my team is so small now.
we can’t be able to handle this alone.
What do you want me to do. Bukar?
We simply don’t have the funds.
Sir. I know I have made
mistakes in the past.
but that’s behind me now.
Bukar. you don’t seem to understand...
my hands are tied.
Ten months into the financial year.
they have only just disbursed 40 percent
of our total budget.
For the service commission to pay salary.
it’s a problem.
300.000 police officers on the force.
Yet our total salary is less than that
of a 100 men at the national assembly.
Yet they can be able
to disburse that one in full.
Now you see what I mean.
Let's just see what I can do.
Thank you sir.
Good morning. we would like
to speak with Mr. Ikeji. please.
We will need you to follow
us to the station.
We have some questions in relation
to an ongoing investigation.
I really don’t know what
you are talking about.
I don’t know how our number got on
this phone you are talking about.
it must have been a wrong number.
Look. don’t put me in trouble.
We don’t have anything to say.
Can we go now?
Move and let us go home. do I have time
for the rubbish they are doing here?
Useless people!
Police indeed!
It shall not be well with the police!
Bose. I'm coming. I forgot my phone.
Bukar.
My nephew wants to talk.
the boy is very angry
what happened to him.
but the mother will not let him talk.
I noticed.
So we have to arrange.
nowhere near the police. okay?
- Only you. just you.
- When can we do this?
The boy is leaving for the US tomorrow.
so it has to be tonight.
So we walked for what seem
like hours and hours
and eventually they
led me into a house.
I mean I was blindfolded the entire time.
the only time I wasn’t blindfolded
was when I had to use the toilet.
For three months?
Yeah. fucking bastards.
Sorry. uncle.
So how much was paid in ransom?
We paid one million dollars.
Bukar. one million dollars!
Technically. we paid 999.960 dollars.
I mean. they gave me 15.000 Naira
when they dropped me
in the middle of Epe to find a taxi.
He was even generous enough to do that.
I need to record this conversation.
We need every detail.
Everything you saw. everything you heard.
Any and everything could
be the key that unlocks it for us.
What the hell.
I'm leaving tomorrow anyway. so...
Thank you.
So they have paid one 100.000 dollars.
and we have released the boy.
Francis. 5.000.
- Uche. 10.000.
- Boss.
Sunday. 10.000.
My second-in-command. 15.000.
Even the boys at the house
will share 25.000.
Count it. I don't want to hear excuses.
- Iron root.
- Is it complete?
It is complete.
Eric. please...
This money that you have shared...
I want to use it to pay off my debts.
That will be difficult.
What?
Because I also have a lot of things
that I have to take care of.
Eric. please.
My wife is sick.
she needs to have an operation.
They are asking for one million Naira.
And that's aside the two million
I am owing people already.
If there is any way you can help me.
please. help me.
Please.
If you can't take care of your family.
you are not a man.
But...
I will lend you 2.000 dollars.
Really?
But I will take it from the next pay.
I am lending you the money.
I will take it from the next job's pay.
- Okay?
- Okay. God bless you.
- Amen.
- I will not forget.
No problem.
Okay everyone come together.
Listen to me.
So. there is a job.
Francis and I have been following
the next job for three months now.
So 6pm. Tuesday.
What is it?
The police.
Pick up. bloody idiot.
What is your problem? Can't you see?
Mister. leave the road!
Some idiot bike man just hit us
and I just had the body work done.
Are you blind?
- What is your problem?
- Fuck!
I hate Lagos. I swear.
Shit! Please let me call you back
I just spilled some water.
- Boss.
- Let's go.
Move. I will handle it.
Mister. lie down! I said lie down!
Don't try it.
Open the door.
Open!
Take. it's not much but please
just manage it!
Move!
God! Please!
Alright. bring out your phone.
I said bring out your phone quickly!
Move! Come down!
Come on. don't smoke that nonsense here!
This thing that is good for your body.
It's all natural herbs.
Keep on deceiving yourself.
Come...
They are not looking for your type there.
In this hot weather.
you decided to tie a bandana.
Come off it!
What do you know?
One day. very soon. I will leave all of
you in this shit hole you call a country.
Oh please!
You have not seen a passport before
and you want to travel abroad.
Look at this one.
- Continue strangling yourself.
- What do you know?
I am who you are trying to be.
Let me tell you some...
Guy. forget about that.
Hello.
- We are on our way.
- Yes. sir.
Park!
Shit!
Well done. officer.
Turn on the inner light.
It's not working.
I am just going to repair it.
- What is that?
- Nothing sir. I have a cough.
Officer. please manage this.
Manage this.
Manage this. please.
- Thank you.
- Thank you. sir!
- Okay.
- Go on.
- Goodnight. sir.
Idiot.
- Boss. leave her.
- Alright! Put your head down!
Watch her head.
This woman is too slow.
Move.
Move!
Guy. why did you do that?
I don't like this.
Take it easy.
We haven't gotten to our destination yet.
she is not tired yet.
She still has enough energy.
Get up.
Guy. take it easy.
I'm even pitying her.
Easy.
Close your eyes.
Your hands like this. Pray!
Keep your legs still.
You will hurt yourself.
Move.
Sorry. okay?
Do you want some water?
Okay.
Please. give it to her.
Open your mouth.
Sorry.
Don't worry. okay?
They are cooking for you.
rice and chicken stew.
Did you hear me?
Alright. what is your husband's number?
This woman.
There are only two ways
you are going to leave this place.
If your husband pays me my money.
all of us are happy.
Check this out.
I will even buy you that Chinese food
that you always buy
anytime you are going
to your boyfriend’s house.
Of course!
I know you are seeing someone else.
What is my business?
Nobody is a saint. It is not my business.
But if your husband doesn't pay...
It's your son. Samuel. that I pity.
Samuel.
So. what is your husband's number?
- Welcome. sir.
- Thank you.
Is madam not upstairs?
I have been trying to reach her but
her number is not going through.
No. sir.
Sir...
What do you have to say? Speak it out!
Her driver is here.
he is in the boy's quarters.
he has been waiting for you sir.
What the heck is this?
Mr. Madueke.
Yes. who is this?
I have your wife.
Please tell me this is a joke.
Wow. so you think this is a joke?
This is not a joke.
Have you seen the picture?
Yes. but...
No buts.
If you want to see her again.
You are going to pay me
one million American Dollars.
Watch her head.
One million...
My brother.
we don't have that kind of money.
My brother. what are you saying?
Now you are lying to me.
I'm not.
Let me tell you something.
There's this joke:
a British. an American and a Nigerian.
All of them were billionaires.
The three of them died and went to hell.
When they got there.
the British man took the phone
from the devil to call his family
for one minute.
After the call.
the devil told him his bill
was 5 million Dollars.
The American took the phone
and called for two minutes.
The devil told him his bill
was ten million Dollars.
Then the Nigerian took the phone.
The Nigerian talked
on the phone for five hours.
He asked the devil for the bill.
The devil said it was five Dollars.
People asked how come?
Then the devil said it was a local call.
My brother.
you know we are already in hell.
My brother. this is Nigeria.
All of us are thieves.
You and your wife have joined
your senator friends to steal. right?
No problem. All of you are sharing
the nation's profits.
Since you don't want to share it with us.
we will take it by force!
After all. it's our money.
I only want my compensation. That's all.
Anybody that wants
to betray you will die before their time!
- Do you like it?
- I like it. I love you.
Yes. hello.
Honey.
you need to see where I am right now!
The furniture comes with the house.
Baby. you need to see this place
for yourself. It's beautiful!
It's okay. Give Michael the phone.
Okay. he wants to talk to you.
Hello sir. When are you coming to Accra?
Madam has already
bought the properties.
No problem.
Even the owners of the property
are ready to move today.
I will make a transfer. okay?
Good. have you sorted out the papers?
Yes. sir. My company will pay
for the property
and we will have it in your son's name.
- Of course.
- That is it.
Okay. thank you sir.
Thank you.
- Here. congrats.
- Thank you.
Yes. Ali. make the transfer.
The regular.
Your food.
Eat.
Okay.
our spaghetti is not good enough for you.
You only eat special dishes at Ikoyi.
I'm just not hungry.
You better eat.
Your husband has forgotten you.
If you die of hunger here.
he will take all your money.
Oh just shut up.
Jeez.
Do you think you are talking
to your husband that cannot control you?
Do you. Doris?
Mind yourself.
Ask around about me.
If you like. don't eat.
Please...
Can I get a bucket of water?
And a sanitary pad.
or even a toilet roll. please.
No wonder!
So you have been the one smelling.
Sister Caro.
come and see your fellow woman.
Ifeanyi. where is my money?
Yes. I have it now.
We have 350.000 dollars.
we'll have more soon.
Good.
Now. go to your car and open the door.
Now. remove the interior door cover.
Put the money there and close it.
Now. listen.
You will drive to Onitsha.
When you get there. call me.
Do not let us look for you.
Hello.
Yes. keep coming. Straight on.
Yes. I am here now.
Walk forward a bit.
I'm at the bush part.
I'm trying to locate where to drop it off.
You will see a tree. with a red cloth.
Okay. I have seen it.
Yes. drop it there.
I have dropped it.
Alright. time to have your bath.
Thank you.
Quickly.
Hello...
Hello. Yes. I have sent the money.
No.
You can't say that.
After I already gave you 500.000.
Is 500.000 a small amount?
Where am I supposed to get this one from?
I'm not saying you should return my money.
What I am saying is that I don't have
that kind of money!
I'm coming.
Guy. I don't have that kind of money.
Okay. I'll call you back.
I'll call you back this night.
Yes. open!
Come forward!
Forward.
Is everything okay?
How is that any of your business?
Sorry. I thought it was a family member
or something.
Sorry.
I want to ask a question.
Do you know how much
he is collecting from my husband?
You mean my boss?
Yes.
That is between you both.
What is my business?
As long as my boss gives me my cut.
What if you call my husband.
and I tell him to send you some money?
About five million Naira.
What do you think?
Look at Doris. Look at this manipulator.
Doris. do you want my boss to kill me?
How would he find out?
Is the money for free? Bring your hand!
Honey. thank you for this church donation.
The priest has been disturbing
me for six months now.
I don't know how any
of this is your business.
They want to build a sunday school
for the children.
Is it your business?
The children like this church
and Adanna is singing
in the children's choir today.
My daughter. really?
Chukwudi. I don't have any friends.
The chidren's friends from school.
my people from home. nobody visits us.
At least. let us connect with people
from the church from time to time. please.
It's enough. I have heard.
Thank you.
Come back early.
Don't go anywhere else.
Come straight home.
Okay. I have heard.
We just wasted two weeks here.
Interview upon interview. yet nothing!
We've combed the whole area. it's like
searching for a needle in a haystack.
Hello. Wale. Tell me you have good news.
Yes sir. we have heard back
from the hotel in South Africa.
And?
There was a Nigerian staying in the hotel
during that period. he's from Imo state.
From the exact same village
the victim say the chairman is from.
Really?
Yes. sir. The SA police have
not been very cooperative
and the hotel has refused to send
us his scanned passport.
We managed to get them to send
us the form he filled though.
his credit card is registered
to a UK address.
Great! Forward me the details.
I will get in touch with Scotland Yard.
Meshach!
Meshach! Where are you?
I'm coming.
Hello. Blessing.
My brother. good evening.
Good evening.
How is everything?
My brother. I'm fine. But...
Dad is sick.
How much do you need?
My brother. it is bad. He is dying.
If he dies. we'll bury him.
No!
How can you say a thing like that?
Dad has not seen you
for almost nineteen years.
Listen. Ngozi.
Since morning.
I have been working. I am very tired.
So do you want the money or not?
Money is not everything.
family is everything.
I have been in Lagos for seven years now
but I have not been to your house.
Our children meet in a hotel.
is that a good life?
A man that cannot take care
of his family. is he really a man?
Dad is just poor.
He did not kill anyone.
Poverty is not a sin.
Laziness is.
Look. Ngozi.
I can't talk for long.
when you need the money call me.
How many times have I warned
you not to take pictures of me?
Never!
Quiet please.
Come open the gate.
Have you said thank you to daddy?
Thank you daddy.
It's okay.
How will I eat now?
You have to find a way.
beause I am not moving.
Move so I can eat.
I have missed you.
Really?
You are so lovely.
Wait! I am begging you.
I need to travel. there's nothing
left for me in this country.
I have sold everything.
there's nothing left!
Travelling to Italy is my last hope.
please!
Wait. give me one week.
Caro! Where is that woman's food
so I can give it to her to eat.
- Why?
- Let me give her the food to eat.
Don't worry about it.
I'll give it to her myself.
Don't you worry. Caro. where is it?
Why are you angry?
I said I will give it to her!
Look at this guy!
Why must you be so aggressive?
They have banned you from going
inside to give her food.
You're always trying to prove
that you're strong.
Madam Doris. I'm ready.
What's the plan?
I'm sorry. I don’t have any better news.
Hello. can you hear me?
Yes. continue. we can hear you.
He doesn’t appear
to have any ties to Nigeria.
At least not for the last ten years.
What about his financial records?
His family?
He's been married for 15 years
and they have three children.
His financial records check out.
No inflows from any unexplained sources.
he's only had two jobs since
he moved here to a University in 1999
and as I said before.
the South Africa trip was just for work.
I will be honest.
I don’t think this is your guy.
Come on!
Thanks. Harry.
Calm down.
We should be on a plane
to London right now!
It is not every clue you must follow.
this isn’t enough. you need to focus.
So is it a coincidence
that a man from the same village
was in the same hotel that he called?
Come on now!
Young man. do you think you want
to catch this bastard more than me?
Get out of my office.
- Sir...
- I said get out of my office!
- Calm down!
- Stop telling me to calm down!
Okay. good night.
We're just here. wasting time!
Come on!
Calm down. just hold on.
let’s go and talk.
Let's go.
He is just wasting time.
and not getting anywhere.
First. he took those people
to the police station.
of course they won’t talk.
We went to Lagos. walking around.
And still. nothing!
Now. this London.
He is just being cautious.
Oh please!
This is more than just being cautious.
Charles.
there are things that you do not know.
Things like what?
Look. I am tired of everyone telling
me nonsense! What don't I know?
Look. any wrong move now.
and he will be sent to one obscure state
where nothing is happening
and his career will be in the toilet.
Then maybe they should send him there.
because he has lost it!
After the man basically built
the IRT from scratch.
he made just one mistake.
And the people who already resented
how fast he was rising joined forces
to take him down.
That wasn't a small mistake.
So. you know?
Who in the Police Force
hasn't heard of Red Wednesday?
He lost almost his whole team
in a shootout
because of a stupid. arrogant decision.
It's easy for you to judge now.
but you weren't there.
And I really don't care!
I don't think you understand.
I came to the Police Force
with an open mind.
to learn from the great Bukar.
But. I can see it's all past glory.
Do you want some?
Come.
Good.
That's enough.
Do you like it?
Don't tell your mum
that I gave you palm wine.
Never.
Like father. like son.
Go to bed.
Daddy.
Yes?
I'm sorry for taking a picture of you.
I didn't know. I was just...
It's okay.
David.
You are now a man.
In this world. people are very wicked.
You cannot trust anybody.
Madam Doris.
your husband has paid.
Now listen to me very carefully.
I will open these padlocks
and open the backdoor.
Anything that happens after is up to you.
Listen.
If I catch you running.
I will cock my gun and shoot you.
- Do you understand?
- Yes. it's okay. I understand.
Just help me with these padlocks
and the door. Leave the rest to me.
Safe journey.
- Honey.
- Yes?
Won't you sleep?
Leave me alone.
Okay. goodnight.
Okay.
Fifteen of the girls from the kidnap
which occurred a month ago
have been found.
The girls were said to have escaped
while they were being transported
to another state.
- The minister of information has...
- Amateurs.
Who are you?
I'm looking for someone.
Shach. come over here.
Fuck! Who did this?
My brother...
- I don't like this!
- Get out!
You're the one that
that let that woman go!
Look at this guy!
- You're the one that let her go!
- Are you all listening to this boy?
Why did you let her go?
You were fucking her. right?
Look at this guy!
I will shoot you!
You can't do anything!
Are the both of you mad?
Stop this nonsense!
- Meshach.
- Sir.
Go out and watch the area.
Spark. Bring the bus.
You all think I'm playing. right?
Let me just not see that woman
in this house tonight.
-Hello.-Boss.
Chukwuka. what is it?
It's the lady. she has escaped.
What?
How did that happen?
Boss. I don't even know.
We've searched for her everywhere.
we can't find her!
Okay. listen to me.
Pack up everything that can be used
to trace you guys.
What about the other person?
Kill him.
Okay.
Take all the sim cards and burn them.
including yours.
Yes. sir.
Pack up everything. we're leaving.
Okay. sir.
Bag him.
Hello.
Amadi. what's up?
Nothing much. I'm at the crime scene.
-Are you in Isolo?-Of course.
Is there anything there
that can link to me?
No. nothing like that.
Just the usual.
Okay. I will call you later
so you can give me an update.
No problem.
2IC. call your friend. Fred.
I want to sell my Sienna.
I hope there's no problem?
That woman has escaped.
What did you say?
Relax. don't panic.
Tell the boys to lay low.
I will call to tell you when
to come take the Sienna.
Okay. boss.
Mummy!
I see you have informants on our team.
We are all one team.
Yeah.
So. the raid has been completed?
They are logging the evidence.
I really am not sure why they had
to trouble you all the way from Abuja.
We are here under the order
of the Inspector General.
We will like to access the evidence
collected at the crime scene. sir.
Well as I said.
evidence is being logged and until
that is done. no one touches anything.
I’m sure you know that time
is of the essence.
we can’t sit around here waiting for...
Hey! Bukar control your officer!
If you do not have respect in your unit.
don’t bring it here.
Charles. wait for me outside.
Well DCP Amadi. as the young man said.
we don’t have time.
When you were doing
your own investigation.
did you carry us along?
We have been observing you guys.
We have already solved the case
you guys haven't been able to.
All of a sudden. you've become arrogant.
You want to see evidence.
Evidence that we collected.
You think you're the FBI?
This is not America.
Bukar. Calm down.
Calm down.
because we're experts at this job.
Get the arms ready.
and make sure everything is intact
before I come.
I need to get to the office to get some.
Good day. sir.
Good day. Edit. Can you take us
to the crime scene. please?
Okay. sir. This way sir.
In the early hours of this morning.
the latest victim of a vicious kidnapper
whose identity we are yet to uncover
escaped from the house where she had
been held hostage for the past six weeks.
Mrs. Doris Madueke.
the CEO of God’s Protection Transit.
was kidnapped on her way home
from work.
In the process.
a police officer was killed.
Our officers were called
to the scene of the crime.
were a security guard was found to have
died from a gunshot wound.
Inside the house. we also found another
victim who died from suffocation.
These ruthless kidnappers have
terrorized Lagos for the past few years.
Collecting a minimum of one million
Dollars from each of the hostages.
One million?
This morning. I announce a reward
of 35 million Naira
to anyone who comes forward
with information
that leads to
the capture of these criminals.
Come on sir.
We've been here for over eight hours.
And?
And there’s nothing here. sir.
We should go back and get
the evidence we already have.
If you want to go. you can go.
Come see this.
Bag it.
Hello. Wale.
I just sent an ATM receipt to your
WhatsApp. send it to CIU for data.
His full name is Nonso Meshach Ikedieze.
forwarding you his registered address
and photograph from the ATM.
Where is Meshach?
The last number he called
was one Thomas Ezekiel.
Sending you the address now sir.
- Where is Chukwuka?
- He's not here.
- I will show you.
Hello. Wale.
So CIU sent all the data
from Chukuka’s phone.
he got a call from new line
that is now inactive.
And?
Well that line dialed only one other
number registered to one Fred Agbata.
a car dealer.
Fred?
Fred Agbata?
Sir. let me lead the interrogation.
What?
These are my people. sir.
They will talk to me before
they will talk to you.
- Don't do anything stupid.
- Of course not.
Oh my God!
I don't know anything
about any kidnapping.
I don't know anything.
Calm down.
This number called you three days ago.
It was an unknown number.
What did he call you for?
That he wants to sell a car.
My brother. let me tell you the truth...
Actually.
it was a car I sold to him two years ago.
He is calling me now. Alex.
We are supposed to meet up
to inspect a car with Mr. Edward.
Answer it.
Put him on speaker.
-Hello. sir.-Fred. I'm coming now.
Okay. sir.
I have information!
I have information. about the kidnapper!
Eric. he is wicked. greedy and a bastard!
We put our lives at risk in this business.
but he was making One Million Dollars!
Can you imagine that?
So. how much did he pay you?
The last time I was paid.
he gave me 15.000 dollars.
But when my wife was sick
and needed an operation.
he gave me an additional 2.000 dollars.
But he only lent me the money.
In fact. any information you need
to know about him. I will give you.
But. I want to ask...
But the 35 million Naira you want to give
someone with information.
how are you guys going to pay it?
Calm down.
One step at a time. okay?
So. how do you know him?
Eric and I have been in business
together for a long time now.
We started with the drug business.
but that collapsed.
Then I went to the east
to hustle for jobs.
Then five years ago. Eric called to tell
me about another business opportunity.
He asked me to join him.
I'm the driver for all their jobs.
Eric. is that his real name?
Nobody knows his real name. nobody!
So you've been working
for him all these years
and you never asked him
for his real name?
Who has the guts
to ask Eric for his real name?
We don't know where he lives.
In fact.
he calls us with a private number.
Even his second-in-command
doesn't know his number or where he lives.
Yes!
So you know Alex?
I know Alex.
I get my jobs through Alex. He lets
me know once there is a job.
We know you are not the leader.
You've probably never
killed anyone yourself.
It was all him...
It was all Eric.
Look my brother. there is no need
to go to prison because of this man.
People die everyday in this cell.
My brother...
I will kill you...
- if you don't tell me what I want to hear!
- Charles! What is wrong with you?
Charles!
Look at this fine boy.
Animal.
He thinks I'm scared of a gun.
You see him? Just forget him.
Alex will not tell you anything.
The two of them are very close.
It's almost as if they made a blood oath.
And as it seems. I'm sure that Eric pays
Alex more than he pays me.
Okay. we need your help.
I will help you guys.
I'm already helping.
I'm all in.
as long as you do not charge me
and pay me the 35 million Naira.
If you help us catch him.
we will give you a cheque. immediately!
I'm already helping. I'm all in!
Hello. is that you?
There's a big problem here.
Sunday is here. he has given information
to collect the bounty!
Alex is here too.
Please. don't call me again.
Chidinma!
I'm in the kitchen!
I'm in the kitchen.
-Chidinma!
=What is it?
Listen to me.
Go and pack your things.
Get your passport. the children's too.
You are going to Ghana now!
Stop scaring me. what is happening?
Don't ask me stupid questions!
Food is on the fire. I'm preparing...
Listen to me. Our live are in danger.
Be fast!
Where are my children?
I want my children!
Daddy is mummy sick?
Daddy why are we going home now?
So. what do we know?
Absolutely nothing.
We know a lot about how
he carries out his operations.
but absolutely nothing about the man.
We don’t know his name. where he lives.
if he is married. if he has kids.
And no one has a picture of him.
I mean. how can you know someone
for 10 years
and you don’t even have one picture?
One!
I think there’s something we’re missing.
because no one can be that careful.
Have you gone through the call logs?
Call logs from 126 sim cards.
when will I go through all of them?
Sir. this man has probably already
left the country by now.
Where are they?
Daddy. please come with us.
I don’t want to go.
I want to stay with you.
Tomorrow. go in.
Hello. Tony.
I want to sell my G-Wagon. and the Lexus.
Eighty million. how?
How much did I buy and renovate the house?
Okay. pay one-fifty.
Okay. one-twenty.
Okay. pay 100 so I can sell it now!
The number you found is a frequently
called number registered to an Nneka.
Sending her details now. sir.
How do you know Eric?
- I don't know any Eric.
- Think!
I already have your brother.
so I know that you know him.
Look here...
Madam.
This is a serious matter.
He has been charged
with murder and kidnapping.
He's not that kind of person.
What does he do?
He's into shipping. import.
export. container...
Liar!
You and I know that's a lie!
Look here...
Let me tell you the truth.
I’m sure you must have heard about the
35 mllion Naira reward
for anyone who will help us catch Eric.
If you help us catch him.
you too can get part of the reward.
Take the money.
take care of your children.
and we will not charge you with anything.
Or...
You can decide to stay loyal to Eric
and be charged as an accomplice
to murder and kidnapping.
A ten year sentence
at Kirikiri maximum prison.
Where does he live?
To God who made me. I don't know.
I remember.
the name of his gateman is Joseph.
How do you know him?
Because whenever he's driving home.
he calls me.
and then when he gets to his gate.
he'd tell me to hold on.
then he'd call Joseph
on his other phone to open the gate.
You have been selected as
a part of the special task force
for Operation Chairman.
This is a highly classified operation.
That is why you were
all flown in from Abuja.
We are going to have eight of his close
associates under surveillance.
so there will be four of you on each team.
This suspect has been under investigation
for five years.
finally we have him backed into a corner.
All we have to do is smoke him out.
Hello.
Yes. Ike.
Is Sunday there?
Yes.
Is there anyone else with him?
I'm not sure.
Okay. I will call you again.
Do you like your ice cream?
Yes
Good.
I need to use the restroom. I'll be back.
Do you want to go in with me?
Hello. are you not done?
Old man.
Shit.
Yes. Samuel.
Yes. who am I speaking with please?
This is Nelson Mensah.
Yes. I have been trying to call you.
Oh yeah. I was in the air.
I need to travel tomorrow.
Yes. around 4.
Of course. Yes.
My brother. I've been waiting all day.
Let's go in and talk.
This is 200.000 dollars.
What?
Brother...
What did you say?
What is going on?
I'm leaving.
You're leaving?
Where are you going?
Ngozi.
Respect yourself.
When are you coming back?
Three policemen here. and this happens?
Is this guy a ghost?
What were you looking at? What!
Private number. it's him.
Quickly. pick.
Hello.
Where are you?
I'm at home. sleeping.
Meet me outside.
He said I should go outside.
Okay. I'm coming.
Don't end the call.
Just keep on talking and come outside.
So. I should keep on talking
and come outside?
91212. all officers in Unit 2 be at alert!
The Chairman is in the area! I repeat.
The Chairman is in the area! Over.
Just keep coming towards the main road.
I can see her.
Eric. I cannot see your car.
Yes. she's walking towards a Nissan.
A green Nissan Sunny. 1992 model.
Can you move closer?
No. I'm really close to them already.
If I move any closer. he will see me.
Hello. Amina.
Sir. there's an issue.
Is everything okay?
Why are you asking?
Oh. nothing.
It's just that you've never done
anything like this before.
I just wanted to ask.
It's not yet morning.
Eric. my body is exposed.
Am I complaining?
I'm leaving.
To where?
Nneka.
I didn't come here for questioning. okay?
I came to see you before I go.
Go where?
No problem.
But before you go.
at least come back
and say goodbye to the children.
Right. Eric?
Even when you come over.
I can make some food so
we can all eat before you go.
A very nice soup.
Okay...
After that we can relax.
You said you're going. let's relax first.
My love.
My love. come and relax.
Eric.
They stopped.
- What?
- Where are they?
Who?
The police. DSS.
What did they give you?
Eric. nobody gave me anything.
I can't see what's happening.
Tell me now!
They said they would arrest me.
For kidnapping and killing
a police officer.
They said they would give
me ten years imprisonment.
Shit!
-Hello.-Hello. Samuel.
Who is this please?
It's Mr. Mensah. I have to travel now!
Mr. Mensah.
why are you calling me this early?
Samuel. I need to travel now!
I will meet you at the airport
in one hour!
Sir. I'm afraid that's not possible.
I have other flights besides...
Listen to me! I will pay you double.
plus 3.000 dollars!
Okay. I will pay five times
what we agreed on!
Give me 30 minutes.
I'll see what I can do.
He just had an accident!
- Really?
- Yes!
-Look. I'm going closer.-No.
fall back. We're on our way.
There's no time!
Charles!
Sorry.
Sorry. gently.
Why didn't you call me since?
Sir. I have been trying
to reach you for an hour now.
Who is this?
Where is he now?
He threw away his phone.
but luckily Charles' phone
is still in the car.
I am asking you where he is now.
Sorry sir.
This is what will happen now.
stay with him till the ambulance comes.
- Yes. sir.
- Please stay by his side. okay?
- Let's move. quickly!
Let's go!
Joseph!
Open!
- Sir. I think he's gone.
- You don't mean it.
Get out!
Sir. it's Amina.
-Amina. Hello. Amina.-Sir.
She says she saw
a Ghanaian passport in his car.
I think he is on his way to the airport.
- Okay.
- Yes. sir.
- We will go there.
Bring her along.
Let's get out of here!
Hello?
Samuel. I'm here.
I'm working on getting a plane. okay?
Come on. Samuel!
Don't worry. just keep coming.
Okay.
We need to see all the male passengers
on this flight with a Ghanaian passport.
This is the only male with
a Ghanaian passport on this flight.
We’re gonna need to see all the men
on this flight. any passport!
Private?
Sir?
It's just an hour to Ghana.
If I were this guy.
I won’t fly commercial.
Let's go.
Where are we going?
There is only one private jet going
to Ghana now. we think it's him.
Please. I don't want him to see me!
Don’t worry.
all you have to do is nod if it’s him.
Nothing will happen to you.
Hello. Chidimma. give Angel the phone.
Angel...
Don't worry daddy is coming soon. okay?
See you in one hour.
Okay. give your mummy the phone.
Okay.
Why are we stopping?
Sir. you need to remain seated.
Please. don't open that door.
Please. let's go.
Please keep your seatbelt on.
Fly... Please...
Mr. Mensah you need to relax.
There’s nothing we can do right now.
They are already everywhere.